{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 An Pham\par}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Deploying automation for Software Devlopment with Devops and Gitops approach.\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2018-2019 (expected)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Bachelor, Mangement Information System }; University of Boston\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\i Major : System Administrator - Information Technoloogy}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b System Engineering Virtual Intern}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Open Learning Exchange, MA, USA Duration: Sept 2019 - Present, 2020 Team Size: 12-15 Role Played: QA engineer\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Build and test jitsi meeting application\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Provide whitebox and blackbox testing for raspbian images.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Test the CI/CD for container\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Code review for bash programs\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Debug and program wireless system\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b AV Techology Support}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Umass Boston, Boston, MA - Perform data entry on daily basis. - Update laptop and Workstation of class rooms. - Troubleshoot tickets from ITSM. - Responsible for reporting incidents within buildings. - Perform installation for Zoom Conference Software.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Software has been used * Ticket system - Service Now * Office 365\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Project\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 1 - System Engineer Virtual Intern Skills Used: Rasbian, Docker, Vagrant, Bash, NPM.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \f1 Create debian based images that can be controled by android remote apps. The system is used to support a web based e-learning system. The scope of the projects is high and maintained by a experience devops team.  \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab QA Engineer - add\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Docker Pipeline - Link\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 2 - SD Card Burner\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 3 - Blogging about KVM technology. - Build virtual machine for system testing. - Containerize web apps to work with docker.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Technical Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 VM Builder\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 For items which don\u8217't have a clear time ordering, a definition list can be used to have named items.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab These items can also contain lists, but you need to mind the indentation levels in the markdown source.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Second item.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Open Source\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 SD Card Burner {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "sd-burner.netify.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://github.com/ole-vi/
}}}
\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Programming Languages\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Bash} Here, we have an itemization, where we only want\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Python:} Description of your experience with second-lang,\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b LAMP stack} We both know this one\u8217's pushing it.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Nodejs cli module\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Skills\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Documentation style\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab English\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Hexo, markdown static webs\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab CI/CD DocOps\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Automation and Pipeline\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Automated Build: Jenkins, Gits\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Automated Testing: BATs\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Docker webhook\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:an.pham001@umb.edu"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
an.pham001@umb.edu
}}}
 \u8226? +857 308 6648 \u8226?\line Dorchester, MA 02125\par}
}
