{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\b An Pham}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \qr \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 an.pham001@umb.edu\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{{\pard\intbl \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 {\i LPI Certified System Administrator}\par}
\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \qr \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 +857 308 6648\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \qr \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Boston, MA 02125\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \qr \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 github.com/phamduchongan93\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \qr \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 linkedin.com/in/anphamQA\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{
\trowd \trgaph120
\cellx4320\cellx8640
\trkeep\intbl
{
{\cell}
{{\pard\intbl \qr \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 https://anpham.net\par}
\cell}
}
\intbl\row}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Qualification\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Have a strong background in Linux Administration\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Able to deploy automation for Software Devlopment with Devops and Gitops approach.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2018-2019\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Bachelor, Mangement Information System }\line University of Boston\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Sept 2019 - Present\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b System Engineering Virtual Intern} {\i Open Learning Exchange, MA, USA}\line * Tester for embedded system.\line * Perform functional testing and unit testing.\line * Build and test Jitsi application to replace Zoom and Google Hang out software.\line * Provide Whitebox and Blackbox testing for treehouses software.\line * Apply the CI/CD pipeline to build containers.\line * Collabrate with team to troubleshoot issues on the company\u8217's Github.\line * Code review for bash programs.\line * Debug and program wireless modules for arm device.\line * Patch Debian-Based system for usability.\line * Perform integrated testing with ansbile.\line * Join Ops team to analyze use case of embeddedd devices.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Technical Projects\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 System based\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b SD card burner} Bash utility and module for treehouses system.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b VM-Builder} Utitlity to deploy VM on Linux envirenment.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Web based\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Apache Server} File-downloader server, file sharing solution over internet.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi0 {\b Documentation} oldblog.anpham.live | anpham.live\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Skills\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Knowledge of Git workflows and Unix Like system.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Provisioning system via Ansible.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Practicing key concept of IaC such as Terraform and Ansible.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Experience with CI/CD pipelines.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Scripted cross-platform automation solutions in shell.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Building automate testing in development phase.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Able to deploy virtuatlization (KVM) and containers tech(Docker).\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab {\b Programming Languages:} Bash, Javascript (node.js), LAMP stack, Python.\sa180\par}
}
